gh-101100: Fix dangling references in pickle.rst (#114972)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pickle.rst

the methods :meth:`~object.__getstate__` and :meth:`~object.__setstate__`.

.. note::

   At unpickling time, some methods like :meth:`~object.__getattr__`,
   :meth:`~object.__getattribute__`, or :meth:`~object.__setattr__` may be called upon the
   instance.  In case those methods rely on some internal invariant being
   true, the type should implement :meth:`~object.__new__` to establish such an
   invariant, as :meth:`~object.__init__` is not called when unpickling an
   instance.

.. index:: pair: copy; protocol

As we shall see, pickle does not use directly the methods described above.  In
fact, these methods are part of the copy protocol which implements the
:meth:`~object.__reduce__` special method.  The copy protocol provides a unified
interface for retrieving the data necessary for pickling and copying
objects. [#]_

Although powerful, implementing :meth:`~object.__reduce__` directly in your classes is
error prone.  For this reason, class designers should use the high-level
interface (i.e., :meth:`~object.__getnewargs_ex__`, :meth:`~object.__getstate__` and
:meth:`~object.__setstate__`) whenever possible.  We will show, however, cases where

> using :meth:`~object.__reduce__` is the only option or leads to more efficient pickling

Reviewer: Nit: too many links in one paragraph can be distracting, so when the same thing is referenced more than once in a single paragraph, we generally only add a link for the first time it's referenced. Here, this is the second time `__reduce__` is being referenced in the same paragraph, so I think we should just suppress the link here:

```suggestion
using :meth:`!__reduce__` is the only option or leads to more efficient pickling
```

     These items will be appended to the object either using
     ``obj.append(item)`` or, in batch, using ``obj.extend(list_of_items)``.
     This is primarily used for list subclasses, but may be used by other

>      classes as long as they have :meth:`!append` and :meth:`!extend` methods with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     classes as long as they have
     :ref:`append and extend methods <typesseq-common>` with
```
